# Info
* Variable (or sometimes Placeholder) is a special string that will be replaced to a value that is relative to the player.
* Variables can be seen as the string inside curly brackets `{}`. We will see some of these variables in the next section.
* An admin can use the command `/getvaraibles` to get the list of registered variables
* You can use variables in your text by putting them in curly brackets. For example, `Hello {player}!` will say hello to the player, with `{player}` replaced to the player's name.
# Built-in variables
* `{player}` returns the player's name
* `{uuid}` returns the unique id of the player
* `{online}` returns the number of online players
* `{max_players}` returns the max capacity of players in the server
* `{world}` returns the current world of the player
* `{world_env}` returns the environment of the current world of the player
* `{x}` returns the current X position of the player
* `{y}` returns the current Y position of the player
* `{z}` returns the current Z position of the player
* `{bed_world}` returns the current world of the player's bed
* `{bed_world_env}` returns the environment of the current world of the player's bed
* `{bed_x}` returns the current X position of the player's bed
* `{bed_y}` returns the current Y position of the player's bed
* `{bed_z}` returns the current Z position of the player's bed
* `{exp}` returns the experiences (XP) of the player
* `{level}` returns the level of the player
* `{exp_to_level}` returns the required XP to go to the next level
* `{food_level}` returns the food level of the player
* `{ip}` returns the IP address of the player
* `{biome}` returns the current biome in the player's current location
* `{ping}` returns the latency of the player's connection
* `{random_<i>}` or `{random_<i1>:<i2}}` returns a random number from 0 to `<i>`, or from `<i1>` to `<i2>`
* `{condition_<expression>}` returns the final value (result) after evaluating the `<expression>`
# Menu variables
* Variables start with `menu_` are called Menu Variables.
* Those variables are generated by the menu.
* I can not tell what menu variables are used for. But they have different functions.
* For example, you can see some variables from the example menu:
  * `{menu_example.yml_button_advanced_cooldown_click_default_reqset_test_cooldown}`
  * `{menu_example.yml_button_cooldown_click_default_reqset_test-cooldown_cooldown}`
  * `{menu_example.yml_button_requirement-set_click_default_reqset_nether_world_level}`
# Hook to PlaceholderAPI
* You can use placeholders from PlaceholderAPI in your text.
* You can also use variables from BetterGUI to other plugins via PlaceholderAPI
* The format for this is `%bettergui_<variable>%` (`<variable>` is a variable without the curly brackets `{}`)
* For example, this is the placeholder to use `{player}` in other plugins: `%bettergui_player%`